README.md, before:

#Kraknet Site System
Written by Mike Perron (krakissi)
Copyright 2013. Not yet licensed for wide distribution.

##Description
A stand alone web server (httpd) designed to serve CGI in an intuitive and
convenient way.


##Getting Started
In order to get started using Kraknet, you should first compile the source code
and generate binaries. This is accomplished by running make(1) in the src/
directory. This will generate a directory bin/ in the root of the project
containing necessary binaries. You will require the following packages for
dependencies:
-	gcc
-	make

Once built, you can start the server with the included init script, called
init_ws, located in the root of the project directory. You can configure which
port the server will listen on by editing this script.


#Included Files
###init_ws:
This file is used to start and stop the server. It behaves like a System V
init script. If this were a permanent set up, this script would be in
/etc/init.d

##Directories and what they mean:
###bin/
Binaries for the server. Anything here will be available in the path of
all CGI scripts. Be careful about what you put here.

###conf/
Config files here.

####mime:
MIME type definitions. If a file isn't being served in the way
you would like, you can change it here.

####serv:
Server configuration. Changes made here are live immediately
without restarting the server. BE CAREFUL.


###db/
A suggested location for storing database files. The system's database
files (SQLite3) will be available here, including kraknet.db which has
user information.

###mods/
Kraknet modules are stored here, with all of their scripts. Each module
should have an info.txt file telling Kraknet how to map a request for a
script to an actual file inside the module's directory.

###src/
Source code for the server and tightly integrated components.

###src/c/
C source files.

###src/i/
Header files. Make sure you link with the relevant object code from o/
if you are trying to include some of the code from the server in your
module.

###src/o/
Binary object files. These are useless, unless you need to link with
them to compile some core feature of the server or Kraknet into your
C application.

###web/
This is the live web directory. Everything here is available on the
internet in exactly the way it's laid out.

Commit message:

Adding License Terms
The project is now officially available under the Mozilla Public
License, version 2.0. Notices have been added to the major C source
files and headers, as well as the text of the license in a file called
LICENSE.

README.md, after:

#Kraknet Site System
Written by Mike Perron (krakissi)
Copyright 2013

##License
This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

##Description
A stand alone web server (httpd) designed to serve CGI in an intuitive and
convenient way.


##Getting Started
In order to get started using Kraknet, you should first compile the source code
and generate binaries. This is accomplished by running make(1) in the src/
directory. This will generate a directory bin/ in the root of the project
containing necessary binaries. You will require the following packages for
dependencies:
-	gcc
-	make

Once built, you can start the server with the included init script, called
init_ws, located in the root of the project directory. You can configure which
port the server will listen on by editing this script.


#Included Files
###init_ws:
This file is used to start and stop the server. It behaves like a System V
init script. If this were a permanent set up, this script would be in
/etc/init.d

##Directories and what they mean:
###bin/
Binaries for the server. Anything here will be available in the path of
all CGI scripts. Be careful about what you put here.

###conf/
Config files here.

####mime:
MIME type definitions. If a file isn't being served in the way
you would like, you can change it here.

####serv:
Server configuration. Changes made here are live immediately
without restarting the server. BE CAREFUL.


###db/
A suggested location for storing database files. The system's database
files (SQLite3) will be available here, including kraknet.db which has
user information.

###mods/
Kraknet modules are stored here, with all of their scripts. Each module
should have an info.txt file telling Kraknet how to map a request for a
script to an actual file inside the module's directory.

###src/
Source code for the server and tightly integrated components.

###src/c/
C source files.

###src/i/
Header files. Make sure you link with the relevant object code from o/
if you are trying to include some of the code from the server in your
module.

###src/o/
Binary object files. These are useless, unless you need to link with
them to compile some core feature of the server or Kraknet into your
C application.

###web/
This is the live web directory. Everything here is available on the
internet in exactly the way it's laid out.
